we're interested in having a portable
brain imaging device that could be used
in the intensive care unit so that you
could watch what happens in infant
brains while you're changing different
things about your the care for infants
one of the main benefits of the optical
tomography imaging approach is that it's
something that maybe the size of a small
refrigerator or perhaps a microwave that
can be moved around into intensive care
units and so that means that we can
bring neuroimaging to the subject
instead of having to take remove the
subject to the neural imaging device so
that has sort of clear utility in any of
the intensive care units and a variety
of other sort of situations where you
really can't get the subject into fixed
scanner environment most of the care for
infants premature infants is sort of
geared towards making sure that the
lungs are okay or other sorts of you
know sort of system systems and organs
in the body are okay and when
alterations or therapy changes are made
it's not always known what's happening
in the brain as a result of some of
those therapeutic interactions there is
a limit to how deep we can image into
the brain and so for infants we
potentially can scan entire brain
whereas for adults will probably be
restricted to scanning for instance the
cortex or sort of the outer shell of the
brain if you will you know in a way the
infants are a match for the imaging
capabilities of optical and they also
that there's also an imaging need there
you